[Music]
the little topic the little topic that's coming the little topic that's
coming is on fire the little topic that's
good is on fire I encourage you all to
be members of course don't
forget what I've said before I've said
before that I want everyone to
be a member is going to be a member everyone who
can whoever can't it's okay I
want them the same okay today the whole thing
all the termites that we bring are going to
throw beef at me my way it turns out what you
think according to what my team tells me they've
been throwing vi feito or indirectly or
making some reference let's see I'll
tell you if I think it's for me or
not if you screw up well maybe I'd
like to mine diamonds man I'd
like to hurry mining it's the oar peit al
and maybe someday I'll do it
we'll see life is uncertain well
make a pumpkin tower now you have to
give me advice chats of what to do it
's not the oak house and now I am
dollars send me a greeting please I wanted
look start with this donation watch out for the
donations to the donation the face that  he
throws the friend I
wanted to ask for your consent to
upload clips of your strings to my youtube channel
with all the balls with all the
balls I'll send you 300 beats 3 dollars and
cough and you let me tell you your click if
you want to be a youtuber 'create your [ __ ]
channel and be your
[ __ ] it's going to be a channel to upload click
from another that it's true that many
times I don't understand these things I
many times these things and these things
that go through people's heads in
a living world am I the one who thinks
differently or because if I see it so
obvious the [ __ ] that it is that it does not occur to me to
send him stones u2 see them
elevating bid tomorrow the rubidium rude
can I upload your videos to my channel would you
mind
asking for your consent to upload
clips of your trips even on my
youtube channel that I have a smiling face have a
good live how are you my friend that depends on
what clips man you know what happens if they
are clips that I am then going to use
for videos better because people
see it first on your channel on the other hand if they are
clips that I am not going to use in  videos
I don't care at all about therefore the
advice I always give is not to
subtitle my clips because that criterion is only
mine on the part that no no or
rather how is a channel going to have to upload
clicks from another
and
the things that I'm going to use for myself and
those that I'm not going to use also my
network that many people don't know this
and I think that I have explained it very few times
sometimes I throw away the videos that you
receive from my channel of tweets of my
live streams but automatically as
a security system and many people
give me many times people have come to me on
twitter saying the [ __ ] gres that I have
thrown away the video in which I have
criticized how he eats with his mouth
open and how he farts live
obviously it is a very
clear reference as you can see as you can see
when I started saying on twitter they have
come to me with criticism I remembered
one time that they blocked them they
blocked us all a video
that was the video of him responding
to Dallas but then he unblocked it to
everyone I remember that he spoke with I
remember seeing some of his tweets with  you give
in which in which he spoke about that and
said that
the orders have been very very key
so a strong point there is no
room for doubt we
are not seeing it it is how we are
smelling it you knew that I had ordered sauce
here in this video and video of greg
expert of the we eat appetite that we
eat
me I did not throw it by mistake
to me I contacted the black because to
me when they throw a video at me it is the worst thing
that life can do because if
fair use exists fair use is what there is
if you do not like the criticism then talk to me
we discuss it normally I
never remove a criticism it is or rather that is
part of a thing of the past
salgado address another credit card number
no as he told me once I
spoke with ibai because the network
automatic then I put a tweet and
the ticket to gref and there it goes
and vice worried about contacting me
I have never spoken with y vice I have
spoken three or four times I spoke that
time that day about the strikes
we spoke the day after what happened with auro
that asked me about the program that I am going
to  use and such and the other day he sent me
a message here with the joke on the
live but the guy javi answered me
that I'm not in that energy he
says I'm going to talk anyway
finally content because in the video I
tagged greece and vice because the video
that they blocked me I used click from
ibai and click from gres it was one of the two and I do
n't remember that this way the video I
think it was because of the cob issue and
when he took the cob and because they
went there to the tournament to the
boxing match they did it and they had it there viva
la pepa all without masks just to
see the pandemic pass making tea
the bartender at the door and hugging each
other without masks and so on no and I think it
was that video that sat very badly with
Greg it's that I look at you the fact
videos of the peo and him how he yells
at the subscribers many times it is
gratefully whatever and it bothered them
about this video I don't know what that
video would have in particular because if
paloma had told me code time okay I
understand I don't understand but what do you  I
criticized for something that the
public has done, which is what there is, he
wrote to me and said I have to talk,
well, he didn't sign me up and vice wrote to me, I
spoke to him, he said, I have, I haven't been
and I speak to the black woman and it doesn't belong
to us, I don't know what to do, how much and he told me and
vice, it's that the videos haven't been
guys, he says there are times that they've accused me
of throwing videos and I don't throw the videos, the
Chinese, I've been able to throw videos where
I get worse and I didn't throw them away
and if I don't know, you tell me that at
least my credit card number appears,
which I don't think is the case in
a porn video, I would put a video on
someone, although they summarize my videos,
means, and ibai, I also totally
agree, but the network did
contact the network and the network
told me no, that it was the creator who
had asked him to take down that video, that it
wasn't a mistake, that
the creator didn't want to take down that video, the
gref network style,
but still, no, no,
that I had to eat extra and nothing
happens because then I
always win the appeals and you end up
like  filthy the truth and not for you vaart
employment only but because no it's not worth
doing that god the legitimate to six
million I know that taken or a
very big defamation or something like that I do not throw the
video and when they defame me I whistle what I
tell you because if he says something to me
you talked about his girlfriend I think look
christopher is sure if I remember
what I said in the video I assure you that
no disrespect to the girlfriend I
assure you I
assure you because it's me come on because
not in my being
good night javi I sent you something on
instagram I'm sorry I'm very nosy
and we'll see it tomorrow when we are at the
kids
it's a video in which below he
puts an audio of his community he is
listening to the audios
and without wanting to put look
[Music]
to anything
and practically the member of the heart an
audio to listen to in private or
in private with his followers he starts to
criticize and call antonio
lavn a sycophant and in the audio of 600 and if he is
licking xavi's ass in the audio of
the sent I don't know that the blue tide  or
how the guy mask shuts up is that you
never pay attention to me you have to
always hold me accountable from the first
moment I say when I say things
for some reason I think it was this video that
threw me I
think it was only from the cob and that
the test was done you
don't see saliva and that's why I said one or
the other
if it's my turn to see my videos and he has never told me
and it seems something wrong
to me who I speak to will help in November I know that there
was a right that I put on the law
showed that he put the girlfriend but
man
critical of it man it's not like that it had just
been kobe we are talking about
this it was
June 1st of this year
that it is not achieved clear so much the video the
truth
son of a [ __ ] and maybe I have done
absolutely nothing you know it has been my
network in fact there have been many times
that even criticism channels and salt
or they have come to me and they have told me already
serious and tam the strike that is made
here a criticism and such and maybe he did not
say good things about me and I say well
well then I take the strike off you
lie he does not take it off
me he asked me to take it off I remember
that I  the good thing about that refers to the das
when giving he took it off
other times not because I don't read everything but just so
you know that every time I upload I
leave my tweets channel or youtube
you are risking getting
screwed and it's not because I sent it it's
because it's established that way it's
established that way so having
said that I think I'm going to
change this whole part above and
liar god always on 22 province
always on liars
you can believe anything about this kid dude
always 22 or Milan to allow the
video because you sent it to him seriously and we
want you to remove it because you didn't
find out I already went for a walk but go to
pass I hate
how good that I invite I was going to see I was going to
go
man obviously there is no
subject what happened to him with
Dallas no and Dallas man my friend
I consider myself nobody to rule
to demand that he apologize to
anyone
but if he wanted to
chat Javi without meaning to offend or
deviate from the subject with dyed hair like that
looking straight ahead you look like  csar
milln the dog whisperer' excuse
this random moment i'm going to put on my
colorful wig and red nose xd well well
if it seems to me to love
dogs very well what I don't want
is to sing to the dogs guys yes even
the dog's balls now I really
say it that they are
sent
okay
serious lie to those who have
told me that I will have no problem
in the talk to put the opposite of [ __ ]
great but obviously I would bring up the
subject of dallas and I don't know why it seems that
he does not want to talk about it
being because he does not want to talk about that subject I did not
take it off calonge it
is true that it has no justification
despite the year I criticized him because in
some things they seem fine to me
whatever remains after I have seen some
things when I laughed with things he has
done
apart from that
I do not hate him or I do not dislike him because
mainly I only talk about
people that I do not understand why he does not
apologize to the god who has told him
every action that has no justification he
has no way of saying it the only
justification he has, I joined the
mob  because it's the trend and I recognize it and
even outside
or rather if I were to apologize to
Dallas
I consider it to be wrong
but
no there would be
nothing more from
any other complaint 16 has apologized
too I apologized these are things that
happen good families lied about
vouchers lied about how you are always a
liar points you took the video away from me
because you wanted I don't know someday to see the
video it is completed today on what the radio
[Music]